Dear friends, many
young people want to be loved
sincerely by others, and they also want to give their
feelings to others
sincerely and receive love in return that is
genuine and sincere.  Question/
message from Lich
Luong Thuy Phuong.  Excuse me, teacher, I have a question and
would like you to explain and give me some advice.
I've always found it difficult to accept
someone's love, and when I do love someone, I'm
sincere and faithful.  But why do I
always encounter people who only approach me
to take advantage of me?  If things don't go their way, they
immediately move on to flirting with someone else.
There were children who once loved their parents very much, but their parents
refused to let them have their way
.
Then I found out that people were flirting and trying to seduce
other people as well.  I'm telling the truth.   The
other woman didn't believe her child, saying that
people who can't have something will destroy it.  Meanwhile, the
scoundrel continues to live happily and carefree.
And his victims are left with a
bad reputation.  For several years, I didn't dare to fall in love with anyone.
I recently met someone online.  Then
we met up and went out to play.  I found them to be
kind, considerate, and thoughtful towards me.
But after two months, they asked for
intimacy, and I didn't agree.  We
broke up, and nobody even bothered to
care.  Then I also learned that
this person loves very much and loves everyone they date, just
like they demand from me.  Now I've
lost faith in love, I don't
dare to love anyone anymore.  I don't know
what to do; the more I try to live a good life, the more
terrible people I meet.  Please teach me, teacher
.  My true love is... well,
I also really long to be
loved sincerely by someone else.
However, whether
someone truly loves you or
not can only be discovered after they have been in a relationship with you for a while
.  So, I
have a small piece of advice to
share with you girls: when you accept someone's
proposal, you should immediately ask, "
What do you love about me?"
Then you'll know
what your lover loves about you.
Through many conversations, you
will be able to change
others, to change your friends
so that people see you for your
personality, and they know that you see
them for their personality as well.  That's how you
can find someone who
truly loves you, and also transform
someone who doesn't truly love
you into someone who will.  She simply gave an example, saying, "
Well, I don't expect much."  I
just want the person I love to be genuinely
interested in family life.  I have
a little dream about having a family like
this and that.  In many conversations,
children should use euphemisms.  I don't want to
give away my virginity
before marriage; I want to save it for
my future husband.  So, if
you were my true husband,
then you would be the one I would
give myself to.  So, I've been saying this ever
since
I accepted his proposal or from the moment
he started pursuing me.  So, if you like a
man like this, or a
man like that, let
people know clearly that if they're
not right for you, they
won't approach you in the first place.  If I
have that kind of mindset and that kind of way of
speaking, I'll find
someone who is truly sincere with me.  And I
also think that others should do the same
.  We should learn about their personality and
lifestyle.  And I
skillfully presented myself in conversations
with people so that they would want to be with
me, and they would adjust
their behavior accordingly.  That's how I get to be
loved genuinely, and in return, I love
others genuinely.  Because the
points that I needed have already been
adjusted, and they have improved to the level
I desired.  So, she will
help you develop that way of thinking
so that you can have a
better life after marriage.  Therefore,
we must both cultivate virtue, repent, and transform our karma,
and in the present moment, you children must
know how to create the conditions for yourselves to transform your
karma.  Cultivate a mindset of thinking
about those who truly love you
and about being sincere with
others, and think about how to advise
others when they are having affairs, cheating
, or doing things that are
not right.
You should advise them; that is
called cultivating virtue to transform karma.
[music]